Rename to neatnet (#136)
uscuni/neatnet: CONTRIBUTING.md

#### Procedure

1. *After* opening an issue and discussing with the development team, create a PR with the proposed changes.
2. If [testing fails](https://github.com/uscuni/neatnet/actions/runs/11368511561) due to an update in the code base:
3. Observed data is [saved as artifacts](https://github.com/uscuni/neatnet/actions/runs/11368511561#artifacts) from the workflow and can be download locally.

> 4. We determine the `ci_artifacts-ubuntu-latest-py312_neatnet-latest` data as the "truth."

Reviewer: ```suggestion
4. We determine the `ci_artifacts-ubuntu-latest-py313_latest` data as the "truth."
```
